Big Bro's always so cool.
Player
of the
Tournament
Champion
Itoshi Sae
Honors
Boys' National
Soccer Tournament
Itoshi Sae
He's super amazing.
So, Itoshi Sae-kun, how does it feel to have
the world watching you as a soccer prodigy?
What kind of player do you want to be?
Whatever. Shut up.
It's none of your business.
Huh? Hey...
Let's go home, Rin.
Okay.
H-He already has the
charisma of a superstar.
L-Let's move on. Here's the replay
of Sae-kun's super play.
Big Bro's kinda funny.
I won. How about you?
You
Win
Lose
You
Hmph.
Anyone who uses up their luck on stuff
like this will never be the best in the world.
Really? Is that how luck works?
I'll become the best striker in the world.
Everything else is meaningless.
Huh.
Big Bro really hates losing.
Other side! Other side!
Mark Itoshi Sae!
Big Bro won't lose to anyone.
And I...
I also want to...
I wanna be strong and cool like my big bro.
Rin.
Can I be the best striker
in the world, too?
Hey, what's this runt doing on the field?
Move.
Sorry, Big Bro. I...
That was awesome, Rin.
Play soccer with me.
Huh?
You can be the second
strongest player after me.
Right.
I have the kindest big brother in the world.
Episode
Night Snow
Wow.
Can you believe this, dear?
Isagi Yoichi's Mother
It's incredible that Yocchan
made the starting lineup,
and his team is winning.
Isagi Yoichi's Father
I know zilch about soccer,
but I'm already happy.
What do you think you're doing, Meguru?!
You've gotta go for the goal!
You call yourself a striker?!
Bachira Meguru's Mother
Oh, I'm sorry. My son's playing.
Oh, ours is too!
Our son is No. 11.
Really? On the same team?
My son's No. 8.
Oh, gosh!
Let's shake hands!
Thank you. I appreciate your son
playing soccer with mine.
Huh?
I don't think I've ever seen my son...
looking so happy to be playing soccer.
The pleasure is all ours.
Thank you for your support and care.
Hyoma!
Over here, Hyoma!
Bah.
Oh, he saw us, Mom.
Hey, who's the cutie?
My big sis.
Not BON. Yer good-lookin' siblings.
Bah, this is so embarrassing.
Hyoma's beaming again,
just like he used to.
Yeah. He's finally back.
What's going on, Mr. Manager?!
U-20 Manager
Do you understand
the meaning of this match?!
Japan Football Union
Special Adviser
O-Of course.
But contrary to our expectations,
th-the other team is, well...
Winners are always right.
Losers are always wrong.
I don't need excuses.
Hoicchan, I don't care what you have to do.
We must win today to become
the righteous of Japanese soccer!
Results are everything in sports.
Crush Blue Lock.
Hell yeah!
We can win this! We're the bomb, guys!
Did you see?
My glam clearance with
that desperate spinning kick?
Outta my face!
Nice sprintin', Chigiri-kun.
How're the legs?
Thanks, Hiori.
Yeah, I can still run.
Towel, towel...
Here you go, Nagi.
Nice goal.
But you can score more, right?
I know you can.
Yeah, Reo.
I can keep it up.
Everyone, great work in the first half.
Thanks.
Pipe down, diamonds in the rough.
Let's recap that first half.
How did you manage to score those goals?
You need to carve into your brains
the mechanics of what's happened so far.
We had plans going into this game.
But they initially didn't work.
The one who made the breakthrough
was undoubtedly Itoshi Rin.
Helped by Isagi Yoichi.
By playing closer together
than we trained,
and by having Isagi Yoichi
around you at all times,
you significantly increased your options.
Itoshi Rin, why did you do that?
To get past their four-man defense,
I needed a sacrifice.
Isagi happened to fit the role easily.
"Sacrifice," huh?
I like that answer.
Such things don't happen
on the training field.
In fact, Isagi Yoichi, do you
think of yourself as a sacrifice?
No. I'm gonna score a goal myself.
Right. That's how you should feel.
All eleven of you out on that field
have egos telling you that you're playing
the lead role and you must fight this battle.
That's what has got us here.
The JFU presents
Japan's U-20s vs. Blue Lock
First Half
Over
However, that doesn't mean
the second half will go the same way.
Or rather, we know it won't.
So stop celebrating and getting
carried away right this second.
You've achieved nothing yet.
Don't be satisfied. Keep on attacking.
Refuse to relinquish your right to be
in the lead role until the very last second.
That's all.
We won't change formation.
I only have one instruction
for the second half.
Make it a rout.
That's right.
We're not playing this
just so we can win together.
I need to keep battling for my own goals.
And just like how he's doing it his way...
I will prove myself in this game.
Crap, crap, crap.
Never thought we'd let 'em take the lead.
What are we gonna do in the second half?
If only I'd scored...
Perfect timing, Genius.
We're discussing changes
for the second half.
That last attack in
the first half almost came off.
They'll freak out if we commit
more men to the attack.
Should we request a tweak of formation?
Huh? Do what you like.
It's not my problem anymore.
Huh? What are you talking about?
I'm leaving.
Huh? What do you mean by that?!
Without you, there's no game.
He's moisturizing his face?
I don't care. Those were the terms of
the bet with your captain over there.
A bet with Aiku?
Let us win without Shidou.
I'll be the one testing you.
If you can't keep up with me, I'm out.
You're a useless, defective bunch.
That's the reality.
Still, I only came here because
I was interested in Blue Lock.
They're still crude,
but it's clear what they're seeing and
aiming for is totally different from you.
That's all I needed to know.
I have no reason to stay here any longer.
Hold on, Li'l Genius.
Sorry, guys. I made a very selfish bet.
I wanted to test the skills we have now.
And I wanted to see where I stood.
But it's painfully clear now.
We are...
weak.
At this rate, the U-20s will be taken over,
and we'll be the ones who disappear.
It burns and stings worse than
I've ever felt in my whole life.
Too late for you to notice that now.
With me leaving,
this team has no chance of winning.
Oh, but we do.
We still have that devil.
Hey, genius.
Isn't the life form known as yours truly
reason enough for you to stay?
Was that your play all along?
Go berserk, Devil Boy.
The headliners will be you and me.
If you keep behaving like
you're my little brother...
...you will never surpass me.
Just you watch,
you bad excuse for a big brother.
I'm going to...
"My dream for the future is to become
a soccer player like my big brother."
"Big Bro will be the best striker,
and I'll be the second-best striker
in the world. We'll win the World Cup."
Man, these Itoshi brothers...
They're monsters.
The line of that shot
wasn't tight enough, Rin.
Really? I'll be more careful next time.
Can you pick up the tempo a little bit?
Sure. I'll try.
It's fun playing soccer with my big bro.
With my big bro, I can become invincible.
I'll become the best in
the world with my big bro.
All right!
You
Win
Ugh, I won.
You wasted your luck, Rin.
Destroying the evidence.
Rin, what do you think about
when you play soccer?
Huh? Nothing really.
I just think about scoring, I guess.
I know you'll pass the ball to me
if I run into a hot spot.
What do you mean by a "hot spot"?
Um... Those places where
the enemy panics and breaks down.
You rely on your gut too much.
But you pass the ball to me,
so it's all good, right?
Playing with other guys
just doesn't feel satisfying.
What are you gonna do
when I'm not around?
I don't know, but I guess
I'll find a replacement.
As if you could replace me.
Who do you think I am?
Ouch.
Yeah, okay, fine, oh great Itoshi Sae,
the best in the world.
Rin. I'm leaving for Spain tomorrow.
I'm going to be joining the academy of
the best soccer club in the world, Royale.
Why so formal all of a sudden?
I know that.
You're going to be the
best striker in the world, right?
I'm just going there before you.
You'd better catch up soon.
While I'm gone, don't you dare give up.
Right.
For now, my goal is to be the best
in Japan and get scouted like you.
Yeah. Then onto the world stage.
We'll become the best in the world together.
Honestly, I'm a little sad.
But I'll make sure I catch up to him.
Big Bro, take care.
I'm off.
To become the best striker in the world.
Next time I see him, I want...
to be someone who can
fight on the world stage.
Playing soccer without my big bro
is confining and awkward, but...
Pass it, Rin!
Rin, over here!
Gimme the ball!
I need to ascend to my bro's level.
Now that this team has lost my big bro,
I'll make it the best in Japan in his place.
Heya. Practicing late again?
Yeah.
It's freezing! I'm heading home, Rin.
Oh. Snow.
The line of that shot wasn't tight enough.
Oh, Big Bro—
Welcome home.
Yeah. I'm back.
I see you in the news all the time.
You've played in Royale's
academy games, scored goals...
You're awesome.
There are people more awesome
than me out there.
Where's this coming from?
I've updated my dream.
I'm going to be the best
midfielder in the world.
Huh?
"Striker," you mean.
There's no point in becoming
the best midfielder in the world—
Shut up.
Only someone who's never been
out into the world would say that.
What's this about?
You said we'd fight together. That I should
become the second-best after you.
Right. So I'll be the best midfielder,
and you can be the best striker in the world—
I'm the little brother of
the best striker in the world!
Did you come back just
to tell me something so lame?
I don't want to see you like this.
I...
You aren't the big bro
I shared my dream with.
I see now.
We're half-baked.
You and me both.
What do you mean?
If you can beat me one-on-one,
I'll share that dream with you once more.
But if I win, our dream ends here.
No. You don't get to decide that, Big Bro.
I don't want to play a game like this—
You ready, Rin?
This is a one-shot match.
So fast.
He's on a different level
than when he was here.
But I'm not letting you go.
This is where he is right now?
Why?
Big Bro!
Rin, in the four years I've been away...
...what have you been doing here?
It's over.
Hold on, Big Bro.
After you left, I worked really hard.
I did so to become the best in Japan
and get scouted like you.
So that I could be your replacement.
I fought hard for the team and
became the best in Japan like I promised.
And now, it's over, just like that?
If I can't chase my dream with you, then...
I've got no reason to play soccer anymore.
Then quit.
Screw that "best in Japan" shit.
Screw that "your replacement" shit.
It makes me wanna hurl.
Don't ever use me as
an excuse to play soccer.
To me, you're nothing but a nuisance.
Just a little brother who's a pain in the neck.
You have no value.
Get lost, Rin.
I don't need you in my life anymore.
Big Bro...
I'm done with soccer.
After all, I only ever did it
to be near my big bro.
But to him, I was only a trial horse
to becoming the best in the world.
Now that he's done with me, I have no value.
The big bro I knew...
All of it was a lie.
We'll become the best in the world together.
No. No.
No, no, no!
Those feelings... Those times we shared...
I can't pretend they didn't happen.
They weren't lies!
I'll kill him. He'll pay for this.
Rin.
The second half's starting.
Right.
To shatter Itoshi Sae's dream...
That's why I play soccer.
Tsk. What a pain.
I knew that antenna-head would come on.
How should we deal with it, Ego-san?
I'm not changing our formation.
We've practiced anti-Shidou Ryusei measures.
We won't let him unsettle us,
and it's not like their purely
decorative manager can handle him.
What interests me more...
is why he wanted Shidou Ryusei,
when even we couldn't tame him.
Let's see what Itoshi Sae's
idea of an egoist is.
This is where this match truly begins.
Blue Lock Additional Time.
A
Additional Time!
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
Blue Lock
Additional Time!
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
Blue Lock
Additional Time!
Big Bro's Frame of Mind
Big Bro's
frame of mind
Big Bro's frame of mind.
Itoshi
Rin
Sae
Itoshi
I'm off.
Big Bro puts
his left shoe
on first
Big Bro puts his left shoe on first.
Say, "Take care," Rin.
Take care.
Big Bro eats
his curry and rice
starting from
the middle
Big Bro eats his curry
and rice from the middle.
Look, Rin.
This is where the Battle of Sekigahara
is in curry and rice. It tastes best here.
Sekigahara's yummy.
On rainy days
On rainy days,
he doodles
on a sunny doll
Idiot
Useless
he doodles on a sunny doll.
\h\hYou
\hdumb
rainy
doll\h\h
Make it sunny, you jerk.
I can't play soccer, darn it!
Make it sunny, you rainy doll.
Take this!
When there's
a rainbow
When there's a rainbow,
he plays with me
he plays with me.
Nah, that's not it, Rin.
A little more to the right.
Down. There, stop.
Ready?
Hm, not quite.
It's total garbage.
Garbage, garbage, total garbage.
Hey, be careful, Rin.
Watch what you're doing.
Okay.
You jerk.
* Do not kick soccer balls at cars
Hey, you damn brat!
Wow.
Let's run, Rin.
Huh?
If we get caught, we'll be executed!
Get back here! That was dangerous, you brats!
Shut up! Like hell we'd come back,
you lousy old coot!
Old coot!
Come on, run.
Playing with Big Bro
Playing with Big Bro...
Right!
...is always fun.
is always fun